
Today's lab will explore the crypto module for Node.JS.


Part 1: Digital signatures
--------------------------

In this part, we will use digital signatures to verify the integrity
of a field.  Starter code is available on the course website.

First, we need to generate a public/private key pair.
We will use the 'keypair' module.  From the command line,
install it with:

$ npm i keypair

A CertificateAuthority class is used to store the public keys
and tie them to the right identity.  Using this class, you can look
up a public key if you know the corresponding ID.

The 'sign' function takes in an object and a private key.
Sign the "message" field of the object and store the signature
in a "sig" field on that object.

The 'verify' method takes in an object signed with your 'sign' function.
The signer's ID is stored in the 'id' field of the object.
Look up the public key from the certificate authority and return true if
the signature is valid.

See https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#crypto_class_sign for an example
of how to sign and verify values in Node.js.


Part 2: Using hashes for password management
--------------------------------------------

For part 2, we will create a password management system.
(We will use SHA256 for our hashing function, though it is not
a great function to use for passwords specifically.  See
https://crackstation.net/hashing-security.htm for a good discussion
of proper hashing for passwords).

The PasswordManager stores a map of username->hashes and
a map of username->salt values.  Both are initially empty.

The storePassword method takes in a username and a password.
Store the password by hashing the username with a unique salt value.
(If you are rusty on this part -- salt values are values mixed in
with the password BEFORE hashing in order to guarantee that 2 users
with the same password will still have different hash values).
You can choose whatever salt value you like, though it should be
unique for every user.

Next, update the verifyPassword.  Given a username, test whether
the specified password is correct.

